#summary Why no downloads here.

*Some lyrics about the lack of files on the "downloads" page:*

{{{— It was a deliberate policy. As far as I know, there was an non-verbal rule among GK-software developers that system should not be simplified. The friendliness of the system is what Bill Gates supported and implemented was what they tried to avoid. On the one hand it is reasonable. NTo master more or less one of the office applications it is needed at least half a year of everyday work. To master the last version of Trickster or SmartPuzzles two or three years are needed. And this is assuming the existing complete veiw on the philosophy of the system. Actually we can say we deal with automated construction systems. The dilemma is whether to spend years on system simplifying or the same time on improvement of filter and genereting blocks . The The second reason is in the sphere of copyright. Go to the market - there are plenty of Cds there. Pirates live as before. Of course, you can buy applications for gatekeeping. But can everyone use it? As one of my bosses said, the report is good but the reporter has to be added to is as nothing is clear. The role of the person in GK-products using is much higher than in other spheres. You can teach every monkey how to klick buttons at Word. And one can steal programs without limit, but "to have" and "to use" are totally different terms in this case.}}}
  * (C) Stanislav Shulga. "Dispatcher of the Attack", 2005

Moreover, there is also a commercial component here. !OpenSource is good ideology and deliberate choice. But !OpenSource - does not mean "altruism". Following the ideology everyone can use the source code of the project on his own opinion (while the original license retained). However, if the client requires "turnkey system" - that is the question of paid support.

Shortly: if you want freebies - install the product itself, configure, run. If you want speed and quality - we can help you for our fee.
